Course Registration Open
New academic courses in a fun, 
interactive learning environment, teaching  
the foundations for a sound retirement.
Topics Covered Include:
Retirement Income, Social Security Maximization Strategies, Retirement Tax Planning, Long Term Care, 
Legacy/Estate Planning, Investment Pitfalls, and mistakes to avoid before and throughout retirement. You will 
receive financial tools to help you better understand risk, taxes, estate/legacy planning, investment strategies,
 insurance options, budgeting, how to plan, and who can best help.
PLANNING AND COORDINATING YOUR RETIREMENT
Course Location & Schedule:
Thomas More University: 
Science Lecture Hall
333 Thomas More Parkway, Crestview Hills
www.trulippartners.com/education
2734 Chancellor Drive, Suite 110
Crestview Hills, KY 41017
859.547.6441
PRSRT STD
U.S. POSTAGE
PAID
LOUISVILLE, KY
PERMIT NO. 513
This course is taught in multiple sessions. 
Choose the day that best fits your schedule.
Planning and Coordinating Your Retirement
To Register Visit:
www.trulippartners.com/education
Seating is limited so please guarantee your reservation today. 
Classes start promptly at times listed above.
THERE IS NO COST TO ATTEND,  
BUT ADVANCED REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED.
To Register Visit:  www.trulippartners.com/education
Thomas More University
Planning And Coordinating  
Your Retirement
New academic courses in a  
fun, interactive learning  
environment, teaching  
the foundations
 for a sound retirement.
SPRING
LEARNING PROGRAM
1 Morning:
Saturday 3/28
8:30am - 12:30pm
2 Evenings:
Part 1: Tuesday 3/31
Part 2: Tuesday 4/7
6:30pm - 8:30pm
1 Morning:
Saturday 4/4
8:30am - 12:30pm
-or-
-or-
FREE


=== PAGE BREAK ===

This course is taught in multiple sessions. 
Choose the day that best fits your schedule.
Planning and Coordinating Your Retirement
To Register Visit:
www.trulippartners.com/education
Seating is limited so please guarantee your reservation today. 
Classes start promptly at times listed above.
THERE IS NO COST TO ATTEND,  
BUT ADVANCED REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED.
Need help, contact us at 859.547.6441
ABOUT YOUR COURSE INSTRUCTOR:  
CASEY CROYSDALE, CFP®
Investment advisory services offered through Portfolio Medics, LLC a SEC-Registered Investment Advisor. Portfolio Medics does not provide legal or tax advice. Investment Advisor Representatives of Portfolio Medics 
may only conduct business with residents of the states and jurisdictions in which they are properly registered or exempt from registration requirements. This summary is for informational purposes only and shall not 
constitute advice, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities and may not be relied upon in connection with any offer or sale of securities. The contents of this report should not be relied upon in 
making investment decisions. The accompanying performance statistics are based upon historical performance and are not indicative of future performance. Past performance is no guarantee of future performance 
or profitability. The types of investments discussed also do not represent all the securities purchased, sold or recommended for clients. Stated information is derived from proprietary and non-proprietary sources that 
have not been verified for accuracy or completeness. While the firm believes this information to be correct, we do not claim or have responsibility for its completeness, accuracy or reliability. Views expressed by Trulip 
Planning, LLC do not reflect the opinions of Portfolio Medics, LLC. The firm also assumes no duty to update any information in this presentation for subsequent changes of any kind. Securities transactions for Portfolio 
Medic clients are placed through TCA by E*TRADE, TD Ameritrade and Nationwide Advisory Solutions. Your investment advisor may recommend third-party money managers who utilize investment strategies designed 
to minimize portfolio volatility and reduce the risk of declines in account values. Like any other investment strategy, this approach entails risks, including the risk that client accounts can still lose value and the risk that 
a defensive position may, at any given point in time, prevent client accounts from appreciating in value. Insurance and annuity products are not sold through Portfolio Medics. Insurance and annuity products are sold 
separately through Trulip Planning, LLC.  Portfolio Medics does not endorse any annuity or insurance products nor does it guarantee their performance. Owners of these products are subject to the terms and conditions 
of the policies and contracts of the issuing companies. All product guarantees depend on the insurance company’s financial strength and claims-paying ability.
You Will Learn:
•	 How to Think About and Better Understand 
Retirement.
•	 Why so many retirees are in danger of outliving 
their money and steps you can take to avoid it.
•	 The truth about annuities and what to be aware 
of.
•	 The two questions every pre-retiree or retiree 
wants to know and how to answer each.
•	 The sources of retirement income — including 
updates on Social Security — and how to build a 
solid retirement income plan of your own.
•	 Understanding the risks involved with different 
types of investments and how to allocate assets 
based on your personal risk tolerance.
•	 The rules, regulations and tax consequences of 
Qualified Plans (IRA, 401k 403b) and how to 
manage them.
•	 Getting your estate in order: understanding 
wills, trusts, probate and tax-efficient 
distribution to your heirs.
•	 Putting everything together so coordinated.
•	 Professionals available to help and key 
questions to ask.
•	 And Much More!
Who Should Attend?
•	 Individuals and couples between the ages of 50 
and 70.
•	 Those concerned about our financial markets & 
wanting to prepare for the next recession.
•	 Investors looking for other perspectives or 
ideas.
•	 Baby Boomers, getting or already retired, 
looking for guidance based on recent academic 
research.
Why Now?
•	 Recent changes in the Tax Laws.
•	 Instability and continued volatility in the various 
markets necessitates action.
•	 Recent research indicates being more aware of 
the various approaches to retirement planning 
and how to coordinate could be beneficial.
•	 Understanding how to think about retirement 
can help lead you to a brighter future you can 
design and control
•	 You only get one shot at retirement. Make it 
Count.
As a financial advisor with over 15 years of experience in the financial services 
industry and a degree in Finance from Miami University of Ohio, Casey believes 
in making an impact on people’s financial lives.
Casey holds the industry recognized, CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ 
Designation for financial advice and planning, specializing in preparing and 
guiding each individual throughout the various financial life stages.
His passion for educating people and helping others is reflected in his ability 
to develop long-term relationships and in his services to his clients. He enjoys 
public speaking at educational events to best share stories on how proper, 
personalized guidance can lead to a brighter future that can be designed and 
achieved.
While a native Ohioan, Casey now resides in Northern Kentucky with his wife, 
Magen, and dog’s, Lennon and Lucy. In his personal time, he enjoys being 
involved in multiple organizations, participating in various sports, and traveling 
whenever he gets the opportunity.
Casey Croysdale, CFP®
This comprehensive retirement course is being offered free of charge at Thomas More University  
as a community service for those in the early stages of retirement and for those about to retire.
COURSE INFORMATION
This course addresses difficult retirement topics such as Retirement Income Planning, Social Security Maximization 
Strategies, Tax Coordination, Estate Planning, Insurance, Medicare Options, Long Term Care, Investment Pitfalls, 
and Mistakes to Avoid Before and Throughout Retirement.
You will receive financial tools to help you better understand how to plan, budget, Social Security/Medicare guides, 
tax planning, estate planning, insurance options, investment strategies, risks, coordination, and who can best help.
1 Morning:
Saturday 3/28
8:30am - 12:30pm
2 Evenings:
Part 1: Tuesday 3/31
Part 2: Tuesday 4/7
6:30pm - 8:30pm
1 Morning:
Saturday 4/4
8:30am - 12:30pm
-or-
-or-
