PRSRT STD
U.S. POSTAGE
PAID
LOUISVILLE, KY
PERMIT NO. 513
Q R
C O D E
Planning and
Coordinating Your
Retirement Course
FOR MORE INFO
ADVANCED REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED.
F R E E C O M P R E H E N S I V E
Registration Now Open!
This comprehensive course addresses pertinent Retirement topics
such as: Retirement Income Planning, Investment Pitfalls and
Mistakes to Avoid, Social Security Maximization Strategies, Medicare
Planning, Managing Inflation Risk, Tax Coordination, Insurance
Needs, Long-Term Care, Legacy Planning, and Much More.
F O R M O R E I N F O R M A T I O N O R T O R E G I S T E R V I S I T : W W W . E D I F Y R E T I R E M E N T . C O M
Planning and Coordinating 
Your Retirement Course
THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY FALLS SHORT OF PREPARING PEOPLE FOR
RETIREMENT. THIS ALL-IN-ONE, INDEPENDENT, ACADEMIC-BASED 
COURSE ADDRESSES PERTINENT RETIREMENT TOPICS SUCH AS:
Retirement Income Planning, Investment Pitfalls and Mistakes to Avoid, Social
Security Maximization Strategies, Medicare Planning, Managing Inflation Risk, Tax
Coordination, Insurance Needs, Long-Term Care, Legacy Planning, and much more.
Seating is limited, so please guarantee your reservation today. Classes start promptly at times listed below, 
and specific details will be provided when registering.
For More Information Or To Register Visit: www.edifyretirement.com
2734 Chancellor Drive, Suite 110,
Crestview Hills, KY 41017
513.505.4214
Planning and Coordinating
Your Retirement Course
INDIANA WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY
WEST CHESTER CAMPUS
Academic-based course in a fun,
interactive learning environment,
teaching the foundations for a
sound retirement
RETIREMENT EDUCATION
SPRING
COURSE LOCATION
Indiana Wesleyan University
West Chester Campus
9286 Schultz Drive
West Chester Township, OH 45069
DATE & TIME THAT’S
BEST FOR YOUR
SCHEDULE
Saturday
04.05.2025   8:30 AM - NOON
04.12.2025
8:30 AM - NOON


=== PAGE BREAK ===

Planning and
Coordinating Your
Retirement Course
Registration Now Open!
ADVANCED REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED.
F R E E C O M P R E H E N S I V E
Q R
C O D E
FOR MORE INFO
Seating is limited, so please guarantee your reservation today. Classes start promptly at
times listed below, and specific details will be provided when registering.
For More Information Or To Register Visit: edifyretirement.com
COURSE LOCATION
Indiana Wesleyan University
West Chester Campus
9286 Schultz Drive
West Chester Township, OH 45069
DATE & TIME THAT’S
BEST FOR YOUR
SCHEDULE
Planning for Retirement: How to prepare and manage your
finances before and after retirement
The Importance of a Coordinated Plan: Why having a
cohesive retirement strategy is crucial
Social Security: Building a solid retirement income plan,
including customizing the best Social Security strategies
given recent changes
Investment Risks and Risk Tolerance: Understanding the
risks associated with different investment strategies,
especially at historic, current levels, and how to better
manage based on your individual risk tolerance
The Four Pillars of Retirement Planning: An overview of the
foundational components for a successful retirement strategy
Avoiding Longevity Risk: Steps to help ensure you have
enough money for as long as you live, including pension type
analysis
Annuities: The truth about annuities and important
considerations to keep in mind
Maximizing Tax-Qualified Plans: Rules and strategies for
making the most of 401(k), IRA, 403(b), 457 plans, and
pensions
Healthcare and Long-Term Care Costs: Issues, options, risks,
and strategies for managing medical and long-term care
expenses in Retirement
Estate Planning: Understanding wills, trusts, probate, and
strategies for tax-efficient wealth distribution
Common Questions: Answers to the two questions every
pre-retiree or retiree wants to know
Economic Shifts and Financial Markets:
Recent and projected changes in the economy
can significantly impact your retirement plans
if you don’t fully understand the risks
Managing Investment Risk: Understanding
and addressing investment risks before or
early into retirement can greatly improve your
long-term outcomes
Assessing Retirement Readiness: Knowing
what’s important in retirement planning will
help you evaluate your readiness and identify
areas that need improvement
Taking Control: A great first step is to take
charge of your retirement plan and explore
resources to get the help you need
Make It Count: You only get one shot at
retirement—ensure you make it a success!
Saturday
04.05.2025  8:30 AM - NOON
04.12.2025
8:30 AM - NOON
YOU WILL LEARN:
WHY NOW?
IDEAL FOR:
Individuals and Couples (Ages 50–70):
Ideal for those approaching or in
retirement 
Economic Conditions: People worried
that current events or market volatility
could negatively impact their retirement
plans 
Investors Seeking Fresh Perspectives:
Those looking for new ideas or strategies
to optimize their investments 
Baby Boomers: Retirees or those nearing
retirement who want guidance tailored
to their unique needs and recent
economic trends
Retirement Course Information
This comprehensive Retirement Course is being offered at Indiana Wesleyan University – West Chester Campus at
NO-COST as a community service for those about to Retire and those in the early stages of Retirement.
IInvestment advisory services offered through Portfolio Medics, LLC a SEC-Registered Investment Advisor. Nothing contained herein should be construed as a solicitation for advisory services. Portfolio Medics, LLC and Trulip Retirement Planning, LLC are not affiliated in any way and do
not provide legal or tax advice. Investment Advisor Representatives of Portfolio Medics, LLC may only conduct business with residents of the states and jurisdictions in which they are properly registered or exempt from registration requirements. This summary is for informational
purposes only and shall not constitute advice, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities and may not be relied upon in connection with any offer or sale of securities. The contents should not be relied upon in making investment decisions. Past performance is no
guarantee of future performance or profitability. Any types of investments discussed also do not represent all the securities purchased, sold, or recommended for clients. Stated information is derived from proprietary and non-proprietary sources that have not been verified for accuracy
or completeness. Views expressed by Trulip Retirement Planning, LLC do not reflect the opinions of Portfolio Medics, LLC. The firm also assumes no duty to update any information or subsequent changes of any kind. Securities transactions for Portfolio Medics, LLC clients are placed
through Axos Advisor Services, TD Ameritrade, and Nationwide Advisory Solutions. Your investment advisor may recommend third-party money managers who utilize investment strategies designed to minimize portfolio volatility and reduce the risk of declines in account values. Like
any other investment strategy, this approach entails risks, including the risk that client accounts can still lose value and the risk that a defensive position may, at any given point in time, prevent client accounts from appreciating in value. Insurance and annuity products are not sold
through Portfolio Medics, LLC. Insurance and annuity products are sold separately through Trulip Retirement Planning, LLC / Trulip Planning, LLC. Portfolio Medics, LLC does not endorse any annuity or insurance product nor does it guarantee their performance. Owners of these products
are subject to the terms and conditions of the policies and contracts of the issuing companies. All product guarantees depend on the insurance company’s financial strength and claims-paying ability.
Attendees will receive financial tools and guides to help better understand how to plan and coordinate for
retirement, budget management, Social Security/Medicare updates, tax planning, insurance options, investment
strategies, legacy planning, hidden risks, and who can best help in each area of retirement.
ABOUT YOUR COURSE INSTRUCTOR
JUSTIN MCGUFFEY, IAR, IA
 A fiduciary with over 20 years of experience in the Financial Services Industry
and a degree in Business from Miami University of Ohio, Justin believes that
knowledge is the key to achieving financial peace.
 Previously working directly with financial advisors in a wholesaler role and
now working directly with individual clients as an advisor, Justin brings a
unique perspective to his courses. He enjoys explaining how - with proper,
personalized guidance - mistakes can be avoided, leading to a confident,
peaceful retirement.
Today, Justin is a fiduciary Investment Advisor Representative (IAR) and
Independent Agent (IA), maintaining multiple professional licenses. His
passion is preparing and supporting his clients through offering best-
practice Financial Guidance and Comprehensive Retirement Planning.
